There are two authentication modes:

- Windows Mode
- Mixed Mode

SQL Profiler is a tool which allows system administrator to monitor events in the SQL server. 
This is mainly used to capture and save data about each event of a file or a table for analysis.

Local temporary tables are visible when there is a connection, and are deleted when the connection is closed.
CREATE TABLE #<tablename>

Global temporary tables are visible to all users, and are deleted when the connection that created it is closed.
CREATE TABLE ##<tablename>

What is CHECK constraint?
A CHECK constraint can be applied to a column in a table to limit the values that can be placed in a column. 
Check constraint is to enforce integrity.

SQL server can be connected to any database which has OLE-DB provider to give a link. 
Example: Oracle has OLE-DB provider which has link to connect with the SQL server group.

There are three types of sub query:

Single row sub query which returns only one row
Multiple row sub query which returns multiple rows
Multiple column sub query which returns multiple columns to the main query. With that sub query result, Main query will be executed.

MS SQL server agent:

The SQL Server agent plays a vital role in day to day tasks of SQL server administrator(DBA). 
Server agent’s purpose is to implement the tasks easily with the scheduler engine which allows our jobs to run at scheduled date and time.

Scheduled tasks in SQL Server:

Scheduled tasks or jobs are used to automate processes that can be run on a scheduled time at a regular interval. 
This scheduling of tasks helps to reduce human intervention during night time and feed can be done at a particular time. 
User can also order the tasks in which it has to be generated.

COALESCE is used to return first non-null expression within the arguments. 
This function is used to return a non-null from more than one column in the arguments.

Example:

Select COALESCE(empno, empname, salary) from employee;

Exceptions are handled using TRY—-CATCH constructs and it is handles by writing scripts inside the TRY block and error handling in the CATCH block.

FLOOR function is used to round up a non-integer value to the previous least integer. Example is given

FLOOR(6.7)

Yes, we can check locks in the database. 
It can be achieved by using in-built stored procedure called sp_lock.











